And I want to show you a slightly different interpretation here of cure cause voltage law just kind
of hopefully makes you understand things a little bit better.
So let's just apply the standard definition to the single loop circuit.
So I only have one power supply one battery and two resistors.
So again the first thing we would have to do would pick a loop.
So we are going to pick the loop AB CD and again I'm going to is going to go around in this clockwise
fashion and I'm going to probably guess that the current is going to flow in this direction and that's
going to be the current flowing there.
So here's the voltage law says you add all the potential differences.
Right.
So when I cross a battery I would get plus the EMR or the battery 9 volt.
I don't know what it is but that would be it.
Now when I cross a resistor going from a high to a low electrical potential I get a voltage drop given
by Ohm's law in this case it would be I times are 1 and now I'm going across a resistance are two.
I get a voltage drop again because I'm crossing that resistance in the direction of the current times
are two and that's it.
Then I go back to where I started.
I have to have that equal to zero.
So you've summed all the differences in potential over all the elements and then that equals to zero.
A slightly different approach here which I'll show in two different ways is to actually not look at
the differences.
Right.
Kirchoff's voltage law looks at all the differences.
But what if you would actually just look at the potential not the difference of potential.
So first let's start over here really what the law says is you really have some potential here which
you don't really know what it is.
But at the end it doesn't matter because you come back to the same point again if you remember that
picture I had of the mountain the actual height doesn't really matter because you start at some height
and then you come back to the same point.
So I'll show you what it means in terms of the potentials are really I'm at some potential here.
And then what happens when I cross a battery is that I gain the potential of the battery.
So I wasn't originally at some voltage and then I gain the voltage of the battery and then when I cross
a resistor.
Now I drop in voltage.
In this case because I'm going from high to low.
So now there's a change.
Times are one and then again I'm going to have a drop in electrical potential when I crossed the second
resistor.
I times are two in at the end will really go back to where I started so that there is equal to the potential
where I started.
Now you see what happens here is wherever you started that this potential is where you end and that
term is on both sides of the equation which means it doesn't really matter where you started what the
absolute value of the potential is.
It's only the sums and differences of the Potentials across the elements that matter and that's true.
Whenever you do a complete loop.
In some cases we're not going to want to do complete loops we might want to measure the voltage between
point A and Point C.
So later on we're going to look at examples where we don't do complete loops and see how that changes
the equations.
But for now we're doing complete loops.
Let's look at the same circuit.
Now what I've done is I've drawn the exact same circuit.
However I'll just make it just kind of drawn into one complete line here instead of making a loop out
of it.
But it starts at a point and it terminates at point.
So again the way this would look like while you'd be at some potential I don't really know what it is
but let's just call it a go.
And the way this looks like now as I travel along the wire the potential doesn't change and the potential
doesn't change because the wires are ideal.
That means the potential would remain constant right up until I hit this battery.
And then what happens now there is a potential gain when I cross the battery when I cross the battery
I go up in voltage like this.
And the amount of increase that I have right here this difference this here is equal to the AMFA the
battery the.
So now I'm right here right after I'm right at the positive edge of the battery and now I'm traveling
toward the resistor along a wire the wire has no resistance there is no voltage drop across it.
So I'm at a concert electrical potential.
All right the next thing I do now I encounter a resistance.
So there is now a voltage drop I go from a high electrical potential toward a low electrical potential.
So in this case now there is a voltage drop.
So I go from a high to Wardlow and this amount of drop here.
So again if you kind of check this out this amount of drop here this term here is given by Ohm's law
which is either current multiplied by the value of the resistance or one the next thing you do now is
you just travel along the wire all the way to the next resistance.
Again what I'm going to see now is another voltage drop and the voltage drop this time is given by.
You bet.
Ohms law let's go ahead and do it with the same color over here.
I continue this line and I measure what this drop here is in potential.
It's given two times are two in this case and at the end where am I.
Well I should be exactly where I was at the beginning and I continue now along this wire I met right
after this resistance and then I continue all the way back to Point A.
So I continue all the way back to Point A and I'm always at the same potential over here.
So at the end the difference from when I started to when I finished is zero.
So that's really kind of the best interpretation I think you can get of what the voltage lies.
Think about these batteries as being pumps.
You increase the potential energy of the charge.
Think about these as being slide's you decrease the potential energy.
So there you have it folks.
There's Kirchoff's voltage law applied to a single loop kind of shown you two different ways of looking
at the picture.